# Experiment-Setup
## Purpose of the repo
This repo is meant to automatically setup experiments and generate necessary files for our experiments with synthetic imagery. 

## Using the repo
To use the repo, you can first clone it onto your computer. Then you can pick a script depending on which type of experiment you want to set up. For example, if we want to set up an experiment using the clustered real wind turbine data (which is held in Train-and-Test-Splits), you would use cross_domain_experiment_setup_csv.py, which uses the training and testing csv files that are already uploaded. If not using the clustered data, then cross_domain_experiment_setup.py can be used. After picking a script to use, edit the code as necessary, particularly the portions of the code that are labeled with "INPUT:", which mostly just have to do with the paths on your local computer.

### Editing the inputs
If using the script that uses the csv files, then you just have to change the path to the csv file you want to you. For the non-csv setup scripts, you need to edit the directory path that glob uses to collect the paths to the real imagery.

For the synthetic imagery, you can also use glob to collect the paths for those images for each region. If the images aren't readily available on your local computer, you could download/use the generated labels from the Synthetic-Label-Generation process and use glob to collect the paths, and then use list comprehension to replace each of the paths with the particular image extension.

Once the paths are correct, you can edit the setup, including the ratios to use, the pairs of regions, the name of the pairs, and the synthetic data being used for each pair of regions.

You can also optionally change the naming configurations, which are all labeled in the script. These have to do with the name of the files/directories that are being generated by the script.

### Next steps
After setting up the datasets for the experiment, you probably want to test it. That can be done by uploading these to box and creating a Google Colab notebook that clones the yolov3 repo and uses the direct download links of these files to then run the experiments. For details on doing this, you can use the notebooks held in Colab-Notebooks-for-Training-Models.
